improve add-ons pages for better integration discovery (#5499)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/cms.mdx

**Ready to connect a Headless CMS to your Astro project?** Follow one of our guides to integrate a CMS.

:::tip

> Find [community-maintained integrations](https://astro.build/integrations/) for adding popular features, such as connecting a CMS to your project, in our integrations directory. 

Author: ```suggestion
Find [community-maintained integrations](https://astro.build/integrations/?search=cms) for connecting a CMS to your project in our integrations directory. 
```
